Alex - list books you want to read in order. Amazon API to get the
book. Check them off as read. Other users can do the same and share
books. Check out the Good Reads API.

Jodi - What happened in boston today. Pull from various sources to
find out what happened. OR Social networking for you family.

Devin - Browse for Recipes. Modify them and generate a shopping
list. OR pet rescue site, get info on dogs and choose to adopt.


Nick - Congressional data. Pull from transcripts, campain. Lookup by
state, policitian. Will show main issues polictician or state. NYTimes
newswire api. Campaign finance data. <sounds unclear set of
functionality>


Ben - Rotten Tomatoes like app. - Coordinate people/friends to see a movie
together.


Sarah - Real New year resolution site - Traderfy API allows to assess and
based on personality type generate a list of possible resolutions. 

Zack - Store Recipes, sub recipes inventory mgmt. quanities how much
is used, when to order, etc.

Katryn - Likes aggregator, movie, beers, etc in a simple to use
interface. Really easy to use, clean and functionality. Secondary user 

Kaga - Travel app for business. Info on cities. Startups in city, interested


Jake - Manage a meal with friends. You create an event, invite guests,
comments of what to eat, Yummly api.

brian - Reminder app. Reminder via text message. Twillio. 

Clara - Directod at college students. Find people to have lunch. Each
person will say what they want to be asked about.

Julie - Let people search for independent coffee shops in their
area. Rating coffee shops based on whether is quiet, music, ....

Blair - Provides team driven motivation for managing your diet. Count
calories. Can send message to others on the team.

Jodi - How to safe under the sun. Get the weather, time your out and
sun strength. Send text when/what you should apply for protection.

Max - Music discovery app. Soundcloud api. Enter artist. Save your
searches. Use Rdio api look thru rdio api. 

Eric - social environment for stocks. Anytime you buy, sell it will
create a post about the stock. And some recent info about the stock
from a feed. 

Dermout - Yelp for sports facilities. 









